thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now well
I'm done drinking my tea I'd better set
down this glass but it's wet on the
bottom so I better use this coaster here
that wasn't very exciting was it alright
so let's try it again only instead of
using this coaster we're going to use
this coaster oh I'm out of tea I better
set it down but it's still wet on the
bottom so I better use this coaster huh
haha yeah way more exciting right ok if
you had a choice between setting your
cup down on this coaster or this coaster
which one would you take ok let me make
it a little more difficult for you this
coaster or this coaster which one see
because if you get to not only can you
use it as coasters but then you can do a
you know an impersonation of Elton John
so goodbye yellow brick road where the
dogs of society how no not doing it for
you ok maybe if I a switch mode to
blinky that work for you but but but
Benny and the Jets bene bene nothing ok
let's go with solid then so you know
blinkies get back honky cat bed no not
no nothing nothing at all well
considering these things only costs
seven bucks you can buy as many as you
can afford and they're really a you know
easy to make on your own if you wanted
to let me just pop off the top plastic
here everything you get everything that
that comes within a coaster for every
coaster that you buy but I'm saying you
could build your own they're just little
LEDs attached to a circuit board with I
believe lr44 batteries running the whole
thing there's one mode there's the
second mode there's the third mode and
there's just a little switch in the
middle you don't want to leave these
things running overnight because believe
me they'll drain battery but the nice
thing is these lr44 you can buy a
hundred of them for like ten bucks so
it's
sibley cheap to replace the batteries um
I have four of them because you can't
really have just one coaster you have to
have for I guess they you don't buy them
in sets of four but I'm saying that you
won't want to just have one coaster it's
kind of pointless unless of course
you're the only person who ever comes
over your house if you're the only
person in your house and use coasters
there's something seriously wrong with
you something more wrong with you then
wrong with me for wanting these things
you know I like anything that happens to
glow the nice thing about the way they
constructed these coasters and I guess
they're officially called glowing UFO
drink coasters the way that the plastic
is set up is it you know pushes that
light out so on its own that circuitry
with the the LEDs attached to it doesn't
mean it glows obviously but the light is
dispersed in such an amazing fashion it
really the light just you look I don't
know are you seeing it reflecting off my
glass here my cup it really gets out
there when it's sitting inside the
plastic so they they've done something
to maximize the the light that is
emitted from your glowing UFO drink
coaster and as I said you know you can
buy as many of them as you can afford I
wouldn't say that you would want to have
these you know you know in a classy
setting I won't even use this coaster at
a classy setting this is little piece of
rubber really is it rubber or plastic
doesn't taste like either one yeah it
definitely tastes like a UFO oh and it
was made in China hey I wonder if
there's lead in here I wouldn't know by
shaking it and probably wouldn't know by
tasting it either either way you pick
these up as I said for about seven bucks
but I've probably got a coupon lying
around so if you want your own glowing
UFO drink coasters let me know I can get
you a coupon to save you some money my
email address is Chris at pirillo com
and you're more than welcome to drop me
a line for anything that glows that you
know of that I may not know of so that I
can take a look at it and possibly even
you know put it here in fact when I got
these the other day I set this coaster
back here and it was just a
eating everything if you bro Oh where'd
you get that that's great that's awesome
and I said this other one here oh wow
that's so cool Chris if I can get it to
stand up it's not made to stand up well
you can use these anywhere me take them
with you wherever you go if you need
something to glow take the glow with you
where you wherever you go I guess with
these things you're welcome to stop by
our community of geeks geeks pirillo com
and then of course you're more than
welcome to join us in the chat room
we're typically talking tech 24 hours a
day 7 days a week at live pirillo com
will you later